ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAM
========================
24 HR Data (last updated ___
    Temp: 97.9 (Tm 97.9), BP: 120/73 (120-130/73-80), HR: 79
(73-79), RR: 18, O2 sat: 96% (96-98), O2 delivery: Ra, Wt: 172.4
lb/78.2 kg  
 
 GENERAL: Alert and interactive. In no acute distress.  
 EYES: NCAT. PERRL, EOMI. Sclera anicteric and without 
injection.

 ENT: MMM. Thyroidectomy, no nodules. No cervical
lymphadenopathy. No JVD.  
 CARDIAC: Regular rhythm, normal rate. Audible S1 and S2. No
murmurs/rubs/gallops.  
 RESP: Clear to auscultation bilaterally. No wheezes, rhonchi or
rales. No increased work of breathing.  
 ABDOMEN: Normal bowels sounds, non distended, non-tender to 
deep
palpation in all four quadrants. No organomegaly.  
 MSK: No spinous process tenderness. No CVA tenderness. No
clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Pulses DP/Radial 2+ bilaterally.
Does have some proximal weakness in the left thigh on hip 
flexion
vs. right side.  
 SKIN: Warm. Cap refill <2s. LLE has erythema extending from the
top of the foot to about 3 inches below the knee on the anterior
aspect of the leg. Area is warm and tender to the touch. Minimal
swelling, no purulence or crepitation. 
 NEUROLOGIC: AOx3. CN2-12 intact. ___ strength throughout. 
Normal
sensation. Gait is normal.  
 PSYCH: appropriate mood and affect; clearly saddened by her
medical problems currently, as well as her son's.   

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM
========================

24 HR Data (last updated ___ @ 548)
    Temp: 97.6 (Tm 97.9), BP: 92/56 (92-130/56-80), HR: 61 
(61-79), RR: 18, O2 sat: 91% (91-98), O2 delivery: Ra, Wt: 172.4 
lb/78.2 kg   
 GENERAL: Alert and interactive. In no acute distress.  
 EYES: NCAT. PERRL, EOMI. Sclera anicteric and without 
injection. 
 ENT: MMM. Thyroidectomy, no nodules. No cervical 
lymphadenopathy. No JVD.  
 CARDIAC: Regular rhythm, normal rate. Audible S1 and S2. No 
murmurs/rubs/gallops.  
 RESP: Clear to auscultation bilaterally. No wheezes, rhonchi or 
rales. No increased work of breathing.  
 ABDOMEN: Normal bowels sounds, non distended, non-tender to 
deep palpation in all four quadrants. No organomegaly.  
 MSK: No spinous process tenderness. No CVA tenderness. No 
clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. Pulses DP/Radial 2+ bilaterally. 
 SKIN: Warm. Cap refill <2s. LLE has erythema extending from the 
top of the foot to about 3 inches below the knee on the anterior 
aspect of the leg. Area is warm and tender to the touch. Minimal 
swelling, no purulence or crepitation. 
 NEUROLOGIC: AOx3. CN2-12 intact. ___ strength throughout.