T= 98.2F, BP= 132/68, HR= 52, RR= 20, SaO2= 99%
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, MMM. Right eye cataract surgery, left eye
cataract.
 Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal 
rigidity.
Limited ROM.
 Pulmonary: CTABL
 Cardiac: RRR, no murmurs
 Abdomen: soft, nontender, nondistended
 Extremities: no edema, pulses palpated
 Skin: bruises on left face and both legs.
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3.  Able to relate history
without difficulty.  Language is fluent with intact repetition
and comprehension.  Normal prosody.  There were no paraphasic
errors.  Pt. was able to name both high and low frequency
objects.  Able to read without difficulty.  Speech was not
dysarthric.  Able to follow both midline and appendicular
commands.  Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty.  Pt. was able to register 3 objects and recall ___ 
at
5 minutes, ___ with category cue. There was no evidence of
apraxia or neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 I: Olfaction not tested.
 II: right pupil 3 to 2mm, left 4 to 3.5 and sluggish.  VFF to
confrontation. Funduscopic exam revealed normal disc on right,
unable to be seen on left.
 III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus.
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all distributions
VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally. 
Decreased
eye blink on left.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

 -Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift
bilaterally. No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. 
No
asterixis noted.
  Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO  IP Quad Ham TA ___ 
 L  ___   ___  ___  4+   5    5     4+  
 R  ___   ___  ___  4+   5    5     4+  
  
 -DTRs:
     Bi  Tri  ___  Pat  Ach
 L   2    2     2     0    0
 R   2    2     2     0    0

- Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.
 - Pectoralis Jerk was absent, and Crossed Adductors are absent. 

  
 -Sensory: Diminished light touch and pinprick to knees
bilaterally. Diminished proprioception to small movements, 
intact
to large. 

-Coordination: No intention tremor noted. No dysmetria on FNF or
HKS bilaterally.

-Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing.  Stumbles backwards once, able to catch self without
falling.

_____________________________________
DISCHARGE EXAM
Upon discharge, she was awake, alert and speaking fluently. She 
had give-way weakness in bilateral deltoids and ___ strength in 
the L finger extensors with otherwise full strength throughout. 
She had very slight L pronation and orbiting about the L.