Vital Signs:
 -T 99.1, BP 132/87, HR 104, RR (not recorded), SpO2 97%RA

GENERAL
 -HEENT: 
     -Normocephalic, atraumatic
     -Moist mucous membranes, oropharynx clear, supple neck
     -No scleral icterus
 -Cardiovascular: 
     -Regular rate and rhythm, S1/S2 heard, no
murmurs/rubs/gallops           
     -Distal pulses ___ throughout
 -Pulmonary: 
     -No increased work of breathing
     -Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally
     -No wheezes/rhonchi/rales
 -Abdominal: 
     -Non-distended, bowel sounds normoactive
     -No tenderness to palpation in all quadrants
     -No guarding, no rebound tenderness
 -Extremities: 
     -Warm and well-perfused
     -No edema of the limbs
 -Skin: 
     -No rashes or lesions noted

NEUROLOGICAL
 -Cranial Nerves:
     -I: Olfaction not tested
     -II: PERRL 3 to 2 mm, both directly and consentually; brisk
bilaterally, VFF to confrontation
     -III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus
     -V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all
distributions
     -VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally
     -VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally
     -IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
     -XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally
     -XII: Tongue protrudes in midline
 -Motor: 
     -Normal bulk and tone bilaterally
     -No abnormal movements, no tremor
     -Strength ___ throughout
 -Sensory: 
     -No deficits to fine touch throughout
 -DTRs: 
     -2 and symmetrical throughout
 -Coordination: 
     -Normal on finger to nose test, no intention tremor noted
 -Gait: 
     -Good initiation
     -Narrow-based, normal stride and arm swing
     -Able to walk in tandem without difficulty
     -Romberg absent

COGNITION 
 -Wakefulness/alertness: 
     -Awake and alert
 -Attention: 
     -MOYb with 0 errors
     -EARTH backwwards no errors
     -WORLD backwards no errors
 -Orientation: 
     -Oriented to person, time, place, situation
 -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): 
     -Not tested
 -Memory: 
     -___ registration
     -___ spontaneous recall after 5 min
     -Long-term grossly intact
 -Fund of knowledge: 
     -Consistent with education
     -Intact to last 3 presidents
 -Calculations: 
     -$1.75 = 7 quarters
 -Abstraction: 
     -"Don't judge a book by its cover" = "Don't judge something
off of what it looks like"
     -Orange/apple: fuits
     -Bicycle/train: wheels
 -Visuospatial: 
     -Not assessed
 -Language: 
     -Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors, appropriate
to conversation

MENTAL STATUS
 -Appearance: 
     -___ yo Caucasian female, dirty blonde hair tied up into a
bun, wearing a hospital gown, appears well nourished and
hydrated, anxious but not in acute distress (although near end 
of
exam/interview, is tearful and upset)
 -Behavior: 
     -Sitting in chair, appropriate eye contact, no psychomotor
agitation or retardation
 -Attitude: 
     -Cooperative, engaged, friendly
 -Mood: 
     -"Anxious"
 -Affect: 
     -Mood-congruent, anxious, reactive (smiles and softly 
laughs
when talking about hobbies or how she knows she is aware
logically that she is performing well enough to get into law
school but isn't sure why she feels so anxious about not getting
in), full range, appropriate to situation, somewhat labile
although appropriately so when becoming upset about feeling like
she does not need to be on the unit and becomes difficult to
console (sobbing, continues to ask "I don't think I need to be
here")
 -Speech: 
     -Normal rate, volume, and prosody
 -Thought process: 
     -Linear, coherent, goal-oriented, no loose associations
 -Thought Content:
     -Safety: Denies SI/HI   
     -Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, etc. 
     -Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current
encounter
     -Hallucinations: Denies AVH, not appearing to be attending
to internal stimuli
 -Insight: 
     -Fair
 -Judgment: 
     -Fair