EXAM:

General:
 -HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic.  Dry mucous membranes, 
oropharynx clear, supple neck. Poor dentition.  No scleral 
icterus. No LAD. R anterior neck ligature marking c/w hanging 
attempt but no gross swelling or TTP noted.
 -Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, S1/S2 heard, no 
murmurs/rubs/gallops. Distal pulses ___ in b/l UE.
 -Pulmonary: No increased work of breathing.  Lungs clear to 
auscultation bilaterally.  No wheezes/rhonchi/rales.
 -Abdominal: Non-distended, bowel sounds normoactive.  No 
tenderness to palpation in all quadrants.  No guarding, no 
rebound tenderness.
 -Extremities: Warm and well-perfused.  No edema of the limbs.
 -Skin: No rashes or lesions noted apart from R anterior neck 
(noted above). 

Neurological:
 -Cranial Nerves:
 ---I: Olfaction not tested.
 ---II: PERRL 3 to 2mm, both directly and consentually; brisk 
bilaterally.  
 ---III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus
 ---V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all 
distributions
 ---VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___ 
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally
 ---VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally
 ---IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
 ---XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally
 ---XII: Tongue protrudes in midline
 -Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal 
movements,
 no tremor. Strength ___ throughout.
 -Sensory: No deficits to fine touch throughout
 -DTRs: 2 and symmetrical throughout
 Coordination: not tested
 -Gait: Good initiation.  Narrow-based, normal stride and arm 
swing.  
Cognition: 
 -Wakefulness/alertness: Awake and alert
 -Attention: MOYb with 0 errors
 -Orientation: Oriented to person, time, place, situation
 -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): Not tested
 -Memory: ___ registration, ___ recall after 5 min
 -Fund of knowledge: Consistent with education; intact to last 3 
presidents
 -Calculations: $2.25 = 10 quarters (incorrect)
 -Abstraction: Interprets "don't judge a book by its cover" as 
"things on the outside aren't necessarily what they are on the 
inside."
 -Visuospatial: Not assessed
 -Language: Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors, 
appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 -Appearance: ___, long disheveled hair, appearing stated age, 
wearing jeans and tshirt, in no apparent distress.
 -Behavior: Sitting up, appropriate eye contact, no psychomotor 
agitation or retardation
 -Attitude: Cooperative, engaged, friendly
 -Mood: "positive, happy, confident"
 -Affect: Mood-congruent,reactive
 -Speech: Normal rate, volume, and tone and prosody
 -Thought process: Linear, coherent, goal-oriented, no loose 
associations
 -Thought Content:
 ---Safety: Currently denies SI w/ intent or plan; denies HI, 
intent or plan.
 ---Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, etc. 
 ---Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current 
encounter
 ---Hallucinations: Denies AVH, not appearing to be attending to 
internal stimuli
 -Insight: fair
 -Judgment: fair