ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAMINATION 
 Vitals:  T:98.0, HR:59, BP:148/86, RR:19, O2: 98% RA
 General:  NAD 
 HEENT: NCAT,  no oropharyngeal lesions, neck supple 
 ___: RR
 Pulmonary: Breathing comfortably on room air
 Abdomen: Soft, NT, ND
 Extremities: Warm, no edema
 Back: Tenderness to palpation of C-spine

Neurologic Examination: 
 - Mental status: Awake, alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate
history without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward
without difficulty. Speech is fluent with full sentences, intact
repetition, and intact verbal comprehension. Naming intact.  No
paraphasias.  No dysarthria. Normal prosody. Able to register 3
objects and recall ___ at 5 minutes. No apraxia. No evidence of
hemineglect. No left-right confusion. Able to follow both 
midline
and appendicular commands. 

 - Cranial Nerves: PERRL 3->2 brisk. VF full to number counting.
EOMI, no nystagmus. V1-V3 without deficits to light touch
bilaterally. No facial movement asymmetry. Hearing intact to
finger rub bilaterally.  Palate elevation symmetric.
SCM/Trapezius strength ___ bilaterally. Tongue midline. 

 - Motor:  Normal bulk and tone. No drift. No tremor or
asterixis. 
   [___] 
 L    5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5 
 R    5    5    5    5-   5-   5   5    5    5   5    5    5 

 - Reflexes:  
    [Bic] [Tri] [___] [Quad] [Gastroc] 
  L  2+    2+     2+      2+       1 
  R  2+    2+     2+      2+       1  
 Plantar response flexor bilaterally 

 - Sensory: Decreased sensation to pin-prick in C5-C7
distribution.  Vibration and proprioception are normal.

 - Coordination: No dysmetria with finger to nose testing
bilaterally. 

 - Gait: Normal initiation. Narrow base. Normal stride length 
and
arm swing. Stable without sway. Negative Romberg.

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM 

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION 
 Vitals:  T:98.3, HR:75, BP:117/76, RR:20, O2: 98% RA 
 General:  NAD 
 HEENT: NCAT,  no oropharyngeal lesions, neck supple 
 ___: RR
 Pulmonary: Breathing comfortably on room air
 Abdomen: Soft, NT, ND
 Extremities: Warm, no edema
 Back: Tenderness to palpation over rt posterior head 

Neurologic Examination: 
 - Mental status: Awake, alert, oriented x 3. Speaks slowly but 
able to relate
history without difficulty. Occasionally inattentive, able to 
name ___ backward
without difficulty. Speech is fluent with full sentences, intact
repetition, and intact verbal comprehension. Naming intact.  No
paraphasias.  No dysarthria. Normal prosody. Able to register 3
objects and recall ___ at 5 minutes. No apraxia. No evidence of
hemineglect. No left-right confusion. Able to follow both 
midline
and appendicular commands. 

 - Cranial Nerves: PERRL 3->2 brisk. VF full to number counting.
EOMI, no nystagmus. V1-V3 without deficits to light touch
bilaterally. No facial movement asymmetry. Hearing intact to
finger rub bilaterally.  Palate elevation symmetric.
SCM/Trapezius strength ___ bilaterally. Tongue midline. 

 - Motor:  Normal bulk and tone. No drift. No tremor or
asterixis. 
   [___] 
 L    5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5 
 R    5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5 

 - Reflexes:  
    [Bic] [Tri] [___] [Quad] [Gastroc] 
  L  2+    2+     2+      2+       1 
  R  2+    2+     2+      2+       1  
 Plantar response flexor bilaterally 

 - Sensory: Of note patient inattentive and would be 
inconsistent with her sensory reporting however no deficits to 
light touch, pinprick or vibration and proprioception. She did 
consistently report pain more in right post head. 

 - Coordination: No dysmetria with finger to nose testing
bilaterally. 

 - Gait: Normal initiation. Narrow base. Normal stride length 
and
arm swing. Stable without sway. Negative Romberg.