Pre-Op-
Examination of cervical, thoracic, lumbar spine shows normal 
alignment in sagittal and coronal plane without any coronal and 
sagittal imbalance. He walks with a cane. His gait is spastic 
and short stepped. Tandem gait was not tested because of his 
gait issues. He does not have any cervical or submandibular 
lymphadenopathy.  Bilateral carotid, radial and n of the neck 
and does not have any Lhermitte's like symptoms on neck 
extension. Spurling test is negative. Examination of cervical 
spine:  He has full range of motion in cervical spine with 
terminal restriction. There is absence of any tenderness. 
Bilateral upper extremity neurological examination shows ___ 
strength in deltoids, biceps, and brachioradialis bilaterally as 
well as interossei and lumbricals.  He does have some ___ 
strength in bilateral triceps.  Sensations are intact to light 
touch in C4-T1 except for hypesthesia over the ulnar part of his 
both arms.  ___ sign is positive bilaterally. He has 
hyperreflexia in biceps, triceps, and brachioradialis reflexes. 
Examination of thoracolumbar spine shows absence of any skin 
lesions. He has got full range of motion. Examination of lower 
extremity and neurological status shows ___ strength in 
iliopsoas, quadriceps, hamstrings, ___, tibialis anterior, FHL 
and peroneal. Sensations are intact to light touch in L2-S1 
bilaterally. He has severe hyperreflexive in bilateral knees and 
ankles with presence of knee and ankle clonus. Toes are upgoing 
to plantar and flexor response. There are absence of any skin 
issues.