V/s were 97.9, HR 64, BP 137/67, RR 18, 98%.
He appeared his stated age and was not in any significant
distress. He mostly seemed confused and dazed and often looked 
at
his wife for support when I asked pointed questions. Neck was
supple. Chest examination identified clear lungs and regular
heart sounds. Belly was soft. Lower extremities were without
edema. No rashes or tattoos were noted. 

Neurologically, he was awake, alert and responded with a delayed
reaction time. He knew that it was ___ and ___, but did
not know the name of the hospital or what part of the hospital 
he
was in. He had difficulty providing a cohesive history. He could
recall the ___ backwards. He registered ___ objects but recalled
___ and didn't remember that he needed to remember those words.
Calculation was brisk and accurate. Naming, reading, language 
and
speech were all normal. No visual neglect or apraxia noted. 

Pupils were round, equal and reactive to light, visual felds 
were
full. Eye movements were normal. Face was symmetric without
facial droop. Tongue was midline and his palate elevated
symmetrically. Facial sensation was intact to light touch. Motor
examination identified normal tone and bulk throughout without
pronator drift, tremors, asterixis or myoclonus. Confrontation
testing identified ___ strength in all major muscle groups.
Reflexes were diminished in the upper extremities and normal in
the lower extremities with mute toes bilaterally. Sensation was
intact to light touch throughout.
 
Finger-nose testing identified no tremor or dysmetria. Romberg
was negative, and a short gait evaluation identified no obvious
ataxia or falls.