Vitals: T97.9, HR 80, BP 150/95, RR18, 99% RA
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx.
 Pulmonary: Lungs CTA bilaterally posteriorly. No
wheezes/rhonchi/crackles
 Cardiac: RRR, nl. S1S2, no murmurs/rubs/gallops
 Abdomen: soft, NT/ND, no rebound or guarding.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.

Neurologic:

-Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name days of the week
backward without difficulty. Language is fluent with intact
repetition and comprehension. Patient is able to name objects
without difficulty.   Speech was intermittently dysarthric. Pt
was able to register 3 objects and recall ___ at 5 minutes. 
There
was no evidence of neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without
nystagmus. Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation. bilaterally. 
No
RAPD
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to conversational speech.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

-Motor: Normal and symmetric bulk. No pronator drift 
bilaterally.
 No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IP Quad Ham TA ___ 
 L  5    ___   ___   5    5  5     5     
 R  5    ___   ___   5    4+ 5     5     

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick. Proprioception
intact to large toe movements only in bilateral lower
extremities.

-DTRs: 2+ biceps and brachioradialis bilaterally 
  Unable to elicit patellar and Achilles tendon reflex
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.

-Coordination: No intention tremor. No dysmetria on FNF or HKS
bilaterally. No bradykinesia noted on finger tapping.

-Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing.  Able to walk in tandem without difficulty.

Discharge Physical Exam:

VITALS:
___ 1131 Temp: 97.7 BP: 134/84 HR: 96 RR: 18 O2 sat: 97% O2
delivery: RA FSBG: 223 
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx
 Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal rigidity
 Pulmonary: Lungs CTA bilaterally without R/R/W
 Cardiac: RRR, nl. S1S2, no M/R/G noted
 Abdomen: soft, NT/ND, normoactive bowel sounds, no masses or
organomegaly noted.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.

Neurologic:

-Mental Status: Awake, alert, language is fluent without
paraphasic errors, able to recount history coherently, able to
describe the cookie jar picture correctly, able to identify all
the objects on the stroke card, repetition intact, no dysarthria
appreciable on exam, pupils 4->2 mm bilaterally, EOMI, facial
movements symmetric, facial sensation intact and equal, mild
cupping of hands (L>R) but no pronator drift, strength full
throughout, LT intact throughout, FTN intact bilaterally

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 4 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without
nystagmus. Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation. Visual acuity
___ bilaterally. Fundoscopic exam revealed no papilledema,
exudates, or hemorrhages.
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

-Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. Mild cupping with left 
hand
but no drift.
 No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. No asterixis
noted.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA ___
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, cold sensation,
vibratory sense, proprioception throughout. No extinction to 
DSS.

-DTRs:
   Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  2  2    2    2   1
 R  2  2    2    2   1
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.

-Coordination: No intention tremor, no dysdiadochokinesia noted.
No dysmetria on FNF or HKS bilaterally.

-Gait: stable, balanced, good initiation and turns