PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:
 Vitals: T: 97.9  P: 76  R: 16  BP: 158/101  SpO2: 99% RA
 General: Awake, cooperative, in NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM.
 Neck: Supple.
 Pulmonary: No tachypnea or increased WOB.
 Cardiac: Warm, well-perfused.
 Abdomen: Soft, NT/ND.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.

Neurologic:

-Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact comprehension and
naming. Able to read without difficulty. Able to follow midline
and appendicular commands. No apparent hemineglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI: PERRL 4 to 2 ___ without rAPD or red
desaturation. EOMI without nystagmus. VFF to confrontation. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to conversation.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions.

-Motor: No pronator drift bilaterally. Fast finger taps
bilaterally.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5 
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5 

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch or pinprick throughout. No
extinction to DSS. Negative Romberg.

-DTRs:
   Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  1  1    1    1   1
 R  1  1    1    1   1

-Coordination: No intention tremor or dysmetria on FNF or HKS
bilaterally.

-Gait: Narrow-based and steady though mildly unsteady on tandem
gait.

DAY OF DISCHARGE:
=================
24 HR Data (last updated ___ @ 755)
Temp: 97.9 (Tm 98.5), BP: 125/75 (125-150/75-94), HR: 75 
(72-75),
RR: 16 (___), O2 sat: 99% (98-99), O2 delivery: RA  

 General: Awake, cooperative, in NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM.
 Neck: Supple.
 Pulmonary: No tachypnea or increased WOB.
 Cardiac: Warm, well-perfused.
 Abdomen: Soft, NT/ND.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.

Neurologic:

-Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact comprehension and
naming. On admission, able to read without difficulty. Able to
follow midline and appendicular commands. No apparent
hemineglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI: PERRL 5 to 3 ___ without rAPD or red
desaturation. EOMI without nystagmus. VFF to confrontation. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to conversation.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions.

-Motor: No pronator drift bilaterally. Fast finger taps
bilaterally.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5 
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5 

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch throughout. Pinpick on
abdomen decreased below umbilicus, on back decreased below T4 
but
then sharpness increased as pinprick continued down back. 
Reports
feet feel pinprick more than No extinction to DSS. 
Proprioception
intact to large and small amplitude in ___ index fingers and 
large
toes. On admission, negative Romberg.

-DTRs: + pec jerk, toes flexor bilaterally
   Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  2  1    1    2   1
 R  2  1    1    2   1

-Coordination: No intention tremor or dysmetria on FNF or HKS
bilaterally.

-Gait: Narrow-based and steady though mildly unsteady on tandem
gait.