===============
ADMISSION EXAM:
===============
 General: NAD, resting in bed
 HEENT: NCAT, no oropharyngeal lesions, moist mucous membranes,
sclerae anicteric +facial asymmetry: R eyelid swelling, baseine,
and R parotid gland missing resulting in hollowed appearance of 
R
cheek
 Neck: Supple
 ___: warm and well perfused
 Pulmonary: breathing comfortably in room air
 Abdomen: obese
 Extremities: Warm, no edema
 Skin: No rashes or lesions

Neurologic Examination:
 - Mental Status - Awake, alert, oriented to person, place and
time. Attention to examiner easily maintained. Recalls a 
coherent
history. Speech is fluent with full sentences, intact 
repetition,
and intact verbal comprehension. Content of speech demonstrates
intact naming (high and low frequency) and no paraphasias. 
Normal
prosody. No evidence of hemineglect. No left-right agnosia.

- Cranial Nerves - PERRL 3->2 brisk. VF full to finger counting.
EOMI, +left beating nystagmus on L gaze. V2-V3 decreased
sensation to light touch on the right. Slightly decreased NLF on
the right (reported baseline). R sided deafness (baseline). No
dysarthria. Palate elevation symmetric. Trapezius strength ___
bilaterally. Tongue midline.

- Motor - Normal bulk and tone. No drift. No tremor or 
asterixis.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA ___
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5

- Sensory - No deficits to light touch bilaterally.

-DTRs:
   Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  2  2    2    2   2
 R  2  2    2    2   2

- Coordination - No dysmetria with finger to nose testing
bilaterally, but has past-pointing on mirror testing on the 
right
only. He is clumsy with fast finger movements on the right. 

- Gait - Normal initiation. Narrow base. Normal stride length 
and
arm swing. Tends to walk towards his right. +Romberg; sways and
steps to the right. +Unterberger, turned to right with just a 
few
steps, too unstable to continue. Unable to tandem (steps out to
the right). 
===============
DISCHARGE EXAM:
===============
General: lying in bed, NAD
CV: warm and well-perfused
Resp: breathing comfortably in room air

Mental status: awake and alert, provides detailed history,
language is fluent without paraphasic errors

Cranial nerves: pupils equal and reactive, EOMI with gaze-evoked
horizontal nystagmus bilaterally, R ptosis, slightly less
activation on R side, facial sensation intact, tongue protrudes
midline, palate elevates symmetrically

Motor: ___ delt, biceps, triceps, finger ext, IP, quad, ham, TA
bilaterally

Sensory: intact light touch throughout

Coordination: FNF without dysmetria bilaterally, smooth HKS
bilaterally, no past pointing, symmetric rapid finger tapping

Gait: swayed to the right with Romberg, unable to tandem walk,
turned slightly to right when marching in place with eyes closed