=== INITIAL EXAM ===
- Mental status: Awake, alert, oriented to self, hospital, ___,
and age. Unable to relate history well. Inattentive, tangential,
making inappropriate comments. Speech is fluent with full
sentences, intact repetition, and intact verbal comprehension.
Naming intact. No paraphasias. No dysarthria. Normal prosody. No
apraxia. No evidence of hemineglect. No left-right confusion.
Able to follow both midline and appendicular commands.

- Cranial Nerves: PERRL 3->2 brisk. VF full to number counting.
EOMI, no nystagmus. V1-V3 without deficits to light touch
bilaterally. No facial movement asymmetry. Hearing intact to
finger rub bilaterally.  Palate elevation symmetric.
SCM/Trapezius strength ___ bilaterally. Tongue midline.

- Motor:  Normal bulk and tone. +R pronator drift. No tremor or
asterixis. Difficult to do formal motor exam as pt was not
following instructions well. ___ in bilateral deltoid, biceps,
triceps, IP, and quad. L hamstring ___, R hamstring 4+/5,
bilateral TA and gastroc ___. 

- Reflexes: unable to obtain, pt refused

- Sensory: No deficits to light touch or pinprick throughout. No
exinction to DSS.

- Coordination: bilateral dysmetria on FNF

- Gait: unable to assess ___ pt cooperation, per nurse, he was
lilting to the right when walking to the bathroom

=== DISCHARGE EXAM === 
Improved to baseline. Essentially normal. Fully alert and 
oriented to personal history and medical details. Normal speech, 
fluent, no dysarthria. No cranial nerve abnormalities. ___ 
strength in all upper and lower limb muscle groups. No drift. 
Normal tone.  Normal gait. No upper or lower limb ataxia.