On admission:
Vitals:
 T= ___, BP= 124/75, HR= 84, RR= 18, SaO2= 100%
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, MMM
 Neck: Supple, no nuchal rigidity.
 Pulmonary: CTABL
 Cardiac: RRR, no murmurs
 Abdomen: soft, nontender, nondistended
 Extremities: no edema, pulses palpated
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3.  Able to relate history
without difficulty.  Language is fluent with intact repetition
and comprehension.  Normal prosody.  There were no paraphasic
errors.  Pt. was able to name both high and low frequency
objects.  Speech was not dysarthric.  Able to follow both 
midline
and appendicular commands.  Attentive, able to name ___ backward
without difficulty.  There was no evidence of neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 I: Olfaction not tested.
 II: PERRL 3.5 to 2.5mm, both directly and consentually; 
sluggish
and with hippus bilaterally.  VFF to confrontation. Funduscopic
exam revealed no papilledema or disc pallor on right side. Left
disc unable to be visualized. Visual acuity ___ to finger
counting. Red color appears darker in left eye but no
desaturation.
 III, IV, VI: In primary gaze, left eye is esodeviated. Unable 
to
bury sclera in either eye with abduction. Other eye movements
full. No nystagmus. No ptosis. Has double vision in primary, up
and down gaze. Double vision resolves with far lateral gaze in
either direction. Unclear if double vision is worse with near or
far vision. Cover-uncover test is equivocal but suggests that
left eye is more severely involved.
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all distributions
VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally 
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

 -Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift
bilaterally. No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. 
No
asterixis noted.
  Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO  IP Quad Ham TA ___ 
 L  ___   ___  ___   5   5    5     5   
 R  ___   ___  ___   5   5    5     5   
  
 -DTRs:
     Bi  Tri  ___  Pat  Ach
 L  tr    2     2     2    2
 R   2    2     2     2    2

- Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.
 - Pectoralis Jerk was absent, and Crossed Adductors are absent. 

  
 -Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, proprioception,
cold, vibration (20 sec in each great toe) throughout. No
extinction to DSS.

-Coordination: No intention tremor noted. No dysmetria on FNF or
HKS bilaterally.

-Gait: not tested.

Upon discharge: 

 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, MMM
 Neck: Supple, no nuchal rigidity.
 Pulmonary: no increased WOB
 Cardiac: no cyanosis
 Abdomen: soft, nondistended
 Extremities: no edema
 Skin: no rashes or lesions appreciated
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3.  Able to relate history
without difficulty. Language is fluent with intact repetition
and comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no paraphasic
errors. Speech was not dysarthric.  Able to follow both midline
and appendicular commands. Attentive. There was no evidence of 
neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 I: Olfaction not tested.
 II: PERRL 3 to 2mm, both directly and consensually. VFF to 
confrontation with glasses in place. 
 III, IV, VI: In primary gaze, left eye in esodeviated to 
variable degrees (after examination of EOMI is notably more 
esodeviated). Unable to
bury sclera in either eye with abduction, more with left eye 
than right. With sustained lateral gaze this becomes more 
prominent (abducting eye drifts medially). With sustained upgaze 
left eye in particular becomes more esodeviated and drifts 
slightly downward. Mild ptosis. Has double vision in primary, up 
and down gaze which is brought out and with spreading on 
sustained gaze.  
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all distributions
VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally 
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

 -Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift
bilaterally. No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. 
No
asterixis noted. Strength grossly intact with patient moving all 
extremities spontaneously and symmetrically, at least 
antigravity.  
  

-Coordination: No intention tremor noted. No dysmetria on FNF 
bilaterally (but takes some effort given patient with diplopia).

-Gait: Deferred.