ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:
 VS: BP:123/81   HR:72   temp:98.2    resp:16  O2 sat:100%

General: young adult female in NAD. Well-nourished,
well-developed. Appears stated age.
 HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. PERRL, EOMI. Oropharynx 
clear.
 Neck: Supple.
 Back: No significant deformity.
 Lungs: CTA ___. No crackles, wheezes, or rhonchi.
 CV: RRR, no murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 Abdomen: +BS, soft, nontender, nondistended. No palpable masses
or organomegaly.
 Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
 Skin: No rashes, abrasions, scars, or lesions. 

Neurological:
 Cranial Nerves:
 -Pupils symmetry and responsiveness to light and accommodation:
PERRLA
 -Visual fields: full to confrontation
 -EOM: full
 -Facial sensation to light touch in all 3 divisions: equal
 -Vacial symmetry on eye closure and smile: symmetric
 -Hearing bilaterally to rubbing fingers: normal
 -Phonation: normal
 -Shoulder shrug: intact
 -Tongue: midline

Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements,
no tremor. Strength: full power ___ throughout. Coordination:
Normal on finger to nose test. DTRs: 2+ and symmetrical
throughout. Sensation: Intact to light touch throughout. 
 Gait: Steady. Normal stance and posture. No truncal ataxia.
 Romberg: Negative.

Cognition: 
 Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert 
 *Attention (digit span, MOYB): able to do MOYB 
 *Orientation: oriented to person, place and time 
 Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): not formally
assessed 
 *Memory: intact immediate and delayed recall    
 *Fund of knowledge: able to state author ___  
 Calculations: able to state 7 quarters in $1.75 
 Abstraction: apple/oranges "fruits" able to interpret proverb
"spilled/milk" correctly " don't sweat the small stuff" 
 Visuospatial: no gross abnormalities on examination 
 *Speech: normal volume, tone and rate 
 *Language: fluent in ___ 

Mental Status:
 *Appearance: age appearing AA female in no acute distress,
appropriate grooming and hygiene, dressed in hospital gown with
glasses  
 Behavior: patient pleasant and cooperative, but very anxious,
fidgeting with her feet, but no frank motor agitation or
retardation  
 *Mood and Affect: "depressed and anxious" dysthymic affect, 
mood
congruent 
 *Thought process / *associations: linear, logical, no LOA. 
 *Thought Content: patient endorses SI with plan to overdose on
pills on the day of her birthday, denies HI, AVH, was not
observed to be responding to internal stimuli 
 *Judgment and Insight: limited/poor 
DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:
 VITAL SIGNS: T 97.8, BP 142/79, HR 109, O2 100%

 NEURO:
 Station and Gait: Normal station and gait.
 Tone and Strength: Walks easily. Supple tone.
 Cranial Nerves: No facial asymmetry appreciated, EOMI
 Abnormal Movements: No dystonia, tremor, or tardive dyskinesia

 MSE:
 Appearance: appears stated age, wearing sweater and jeans,
earrings,
 glasses, acne
 Behavior: cooperative with interview, very open
 Mood and Affect: "pretty good", euthymic, mood congruent
 Thought Process: Logical, linear, goal-directed. No LOA
 Thought Content: No SI, No HI, No A/V/O H
 Judgment and Insight: poor/impaired

 COGNITION:
 Attention: Attentive to interview.
 Orientation: Oriented to day, date, situation
 Executive function: NT
 Memory: Intact to recent and past history
 Fund of knowledge: Appropriate for level of education.
 Calculations: NT
 Abstraction: NT
 Visuospatial: NT
 Speech: Normal rate, rhythm, prosody, and volume.
 Language: Fluent in ___ without neologisms or paraphasic
 errors.

On the day of discharge, Ms. ___ reported feeling well. She 
expressed interest in continuing with treatment. She appeared 
motivated. Family meeting with pt and pt's mother was held. 
Reviewed and addressed pt's and mother's concerns. It was felt 
that Ms. ___ is ready for the discharge.