Vital Signs:
 -T __, BP 164/118, HR 75, RR 18, SpO2 98%RA

GENERAL
 -HEENT: 
     -Normocephalic, atraumatic
     -Moist mucous membranes, oropharynx clear, supple neck
     -No scleral icterus
 -Cardiovascular: 
     -Regular rate and rhythm, S1/S2 heard, no
murmurs/rubs/gallops           
     -Distal pulses ___ throughout
 -Pulmonary: 
     -No increased work of breathing
     -Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally
     -No wheezes/rhonchi/rales
 -Abdominal: 
     -Non-distended, bowel sounds normoactive
     -No tenderness to palpation in all quadrants
     -No guarding, no rebound tenderness
 -Extremities: 
     -Warm and well-perfused
     -No edema of the limbs
 -Skin: 
     -No rashes or lesions noted

NEUROLOGICAL
 -Cranial Nerves:
     -I: Olfaction not tested
     -II: PERRL 3 to 2 mm, both directly and consentually; brisk
bilaterally, VFF to confrontation
     -III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus
     -V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all
distributions
     -VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally
     -VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally
     -IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
     -XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally
     -XII: Tongue protrudes in midline
 -Motor: 
     -Normal bulk and tone bilaterally
     -No abnormal movements, no tremor
     -Strength ___ throughout
 -Sensory: 
     -No deficits to fine touch throughout
 -DTRs: 
     -2 and symmetrical throughout
 -Coordination: 
     -Normal on finger to nose test, no intention tremor noted
 -Gait: 
     -Good initiation
     -Narrow-based, normal stride and arm swing
     -Able to walk in tandem without difficulty
     -Romberg absent

COGNITION 
 -Wakefulness/alertness: 
     -Awake and alert
 -Attention: 
     -MOYb with 0 errors
     -EARTH backwards without errors
 -Orientation: 
     -Oriented to person, time, place, situation
 -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): 
     -Not tested
 -Memory: 
     -___ registration
     -___ spontaneous recall after 5 min
     -Long-term grossly intact
 -Fund of knowledge: 
     -Consistent with education
     -Intact to last 3 presidents
 -Calculations: 
     -$1.75 = 7 quarters
 -Abstraction: 
     -"Don't judge a book by its cover" = "Don't make 
assumptions
about people"
     -"People in glass houses should not throw stones" = "If
you're exposed you should avoid self-destructive behavior"
     -orange/apple = fruit
     -bicycle/train = transportation
 -Visuospatial: 
     -Not assessed
 -Language: 
     -Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors, appropriate
to conversation

MENTAL STATUS
 -Appearance: 
     -___ yo Caucasian man appearing his stated age, large tattoo
on L bicep, muscular build, wearing a t shirt, jeans, and Puma
sneakers, good hygiene/grooming but notable halitosis during
interview, appears well nourished and hydrated, calm and not in
acute distress
 -Behavior: 
     -Sitting in chair, appropriate eye contact, no psychomotor
agitation or retardation
 -Attitude: 
     -Cooperative, engaged, friendly
 -Mood: 
     -"Good"
 -Affect: 
     -Mood-congruent, euthymic, full range, reactive, 
appropriate
to situation
 -Speech: 
     -Normal rate, volume, and prosody
 -Thought process: 
     -At times becomes tangential with some loosening of
associations (e.g., begins to talk about businesses and 
gathering
resources when asked about how he is able to see color
differently from others), but overall mostly linear, coherent,
goal and future oriented
 -Thought Content:
     -Safety: Denies SI/HI   
     -Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, etc. 
     -Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current
encounter
     -Hallucinations: Denies AVH, not appearing to be attending
to internal stimuli
 -Insight: 
     -Fair
 -Judgment: 
     -Poor

CONDITION ON THE DISCHARGE DAY:
VS: 97.6; 162/96; 66; 16; 96% on RA

MSE: ___ yo alert, Ox4, no signs of acute medical distress. No 
facial asymmetry, freely moves all extremities. Unremarkable 
gait.
He is casually dressed and well groomed. No sx's of psychomotor 
agitation or retardation. Maintained good eye contact. Good 
interpersonal skills. Speech spontaneous, fluent, in normal rate 
and prosody. TP: linear. TC: pt didn't make any delusional 
statements on ___. He admits that he can not trust his 
family. He explained that he is quite upset that his mother 
cancelled an appointment for job interview without checking with 
pt. Mr. ___ described his mood as "doing better". His affect was 
friendly, euthymic, reactive, appropriate to topics of 
conversation. He clearly denied S/H/I. He shared about positive 
plans for future. He shared that his stepfather will pick him up 
from the hospital. He asked questions about his meds. He would 
like to continue Zyprexa 7.5mg po qHS. His insight is grossly 
intact on the day of discharge. Pt had poor insight and judgment 
on admission.