Ms. ___ is a ___ year old right handed lady with history of 
BPPV,
vestibular neuritis, sensineural hearing loss, essential tremor,
pre-DM, HLD who presents with acute onset visual changes 2 weeks
ago for which she went to ophthalmology today and was diagnosed
with right homonymous hemianopia and subsequently referred to 
the
emergency department. 

She was in her usual state of health and was reading the
newspaper on ___ when she suddenly had some difficulty
"tracking the lines". She didn't think she lost her vision or 
had
missing vision. She was able to read the words but does think
there was an issue with comprehending the meaning. She has
trouble describing what she means by this. She attributed this 
to
just perhaps the small print. She was doing much better reading
larger print on her phone. She denies that she ever couldn't 
read
at all. She never had to spell the letters or say them out loud.
She has not been bumping into anything on her right and she has
been able to drive. She does not think she had any associated
weakness, tingling/numbness, memory issues, dizziness or
headache. She thinks she snores. She doesn't have palpitations.
She finally had optho appointment today at which time a dense
right homonymous hemianopia was noted WITHOUT macular sparing.
She was referred to ___.

She does report that about a year ago she had an episode of
isolated vertical diplopia lasting a minute. Per At___ records
by Dr. ___ occurred while walking down stairs. She had
had cataract surgery at some point that year. ESR and CRP were
normal. MRI brain with and without contrast, MRA brain/neck at
___ ___ showed no acute infarct, normal MRAs, tortuous
but otherwise normal vertebral arteries. TTE ___ showed LVEF
approximately 60%, trace-mild aortic regurgitation, mild mitral
regurgitation, no shunt by color Doppler. Holter monitor ___
showed sinus rhythm with sinus arrhythmia, occasional APBs, one
run of SVT. The transient diplopia was felt to be possible
migraine variant but given possibility of TIA, she was started 
on
ASA. Patient reports she has had several more episodes of
vertical diplopia since that initial one. The longest was 10
minute episode about 1 week ago. She woke up at 3AM and noticed
it. Seemed the same regardless if she looked right or left;
perhaps worse with her head back. This went away and was not
associated with any other symptoms.