Vitals: 97.2, HR 89, BP 168/92, RR 16, 94% RA 
 General: Awake, cooperative, sitting up in bed.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx.
 Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal 
rigidity.
 Pulmonary: Normal work of breathing.
 Cardiac: RRR, warm, well-perfused.
 Abdomen: Soft, non-distended.
 Extremities: 1+ ___ edema 
 Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact repetition and
comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no paraphasic errors.
Able to name both high and low frequency objects.  Able to read
without difficulty. + mild dysarthia. Able to follow both 
midline
and appendicular commands. There was no evidence of apraxia or
neglect. No agraphathesia. No extinction. 

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without
nystagmus. Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation.  
 V: Facial sensation decreased to light touch 
 VII: L. NLFF, mild decreased activation 
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions. Strength
full with tongue-in-cheek testing.

-Motor: Normal bulk and tone throughout. + subtle pronator 
drift.
decreased rapid movement of left hand. No adventitious 
movements,
such as tremor or asterixis noted.
   [___]
  L   5-   5    5    5-   5    5   5-   5    5   5    5    4+
  R   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    4+

-Sensory: Decreased sensation to pinprick on essentially left
hemibody (notes 30% compared to 100% on right) slightly more
prominent at proximal > distal ext. Similarly decreased 
sensation
to temperature. Though proprioception is relatively intact to
large excusrions of finger and thumb, possibly some subtle
decrease to small excrusions on left. No extinction. 

-Reflexes:
   [Bic] [Tri] [___] [Pat] [Ach]
 L   2     2      2      2     0
 R   2     2      2      2     0 
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.

-Coordination: No intention tremor. Slight dysmetria w/ FNF of
left hand and HKS of left leg. 

-Gait: Did not ambulate as pt was being taken to CT 

====
Physical Exam at Discharge:
 PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: 
 Vitals: reviewed in metavision 
 General: Awake, cooperative, sitting up in bed.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx.
 Neck: Supple, no carotid bruits appreciated. No nuchal 
rigidity.
 Pulmonary: Normal work of breathing.
 Cardiac: RRR, warm, well-perfused.
 Abdomen: Soft, non-distended.
 Extremities: 1+ ___ edema 
 Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact repetition and
comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no paraphasic errors.
Able to name both high and low frequency objects.  Able to read
without difficulty. + mild dysarthia represented as intermittent
slurring of speech. Able to follow both midline and appendicular
commands. There was no evidence of apraxia or neglect. . No
extinction. 

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without
nystagmus. Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation.  
 V: Facial sensation decreased to light touch 
 VII: L. NLFF, mild decreased activation 
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions. Strength
full with tongue-in-cheek testing.

-Motor: Normal bulk and tone throughout. + subtle pronator 
drift.
decreased rapid movement of left hand. No adventitious 
movements,
such as tremor or asterixis noted.
   [___]
  L   5    5    5    5    5    5   4+   5    5   5    5    4
  R   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    4+

-Sensory: Decreased sensation to L on soft touch.  No 
extinction.

-Reflexes:DIffered. 

-Coordination: No intention tremor. Slight dysmetria w/ FNF of
left hand and HKS of left leg. No pronation or drift. No 
rebound.

-Gait: normal gait.  walked forward, backward, turned in 
circles.