PHYSICAL EXAM ON ADMISSION: 

*VS:  BP:121/68   HR:120   temp:98.3    resp:20  O2 sat:100% 

General: young female in NAD. Well-nourished, well-developed.
Appears stated age.
 HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. PERRL, EOMI. Most mucous
membranes. Oropharynx clear.
 Neck: Supple.
 Lungs: CTAB. No crackles, wheezes, or rhonchi.
 CV: tachycardic, regular rhythm, Normal S1 and S2, no
murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 Abdomen: +BS, soft, non-distended, non-tender to palpation. No
palpable masses or organomegaly.
 Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
 Skin: No rashes, abrasions, scars, or lesions noted.

Neurological:
 Cranial Nerves:
 I: Not tested.
 II: PERRL.
 III, IV, VI: EOMI intact ___ without nystagmus.
 V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to interview
 IX, X: Not assessed
 XI: Trapezius normal bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations.
 Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements,
no tremor. Strength: full power ___ throughout. Coordination:
Normal on finger to nose test. Sensation: Intact to light touch
throughout. 
 Gait: Steady. Normal stance and posture. No truncal ataxia.
 Romberg: Not tested

Cognition: 
 Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert 
 *Attention (digit span, MOYB): ___ refusing to participate 
 *Orientation: oriented to person, place and time 
 Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS):
 *Memory: ___ refusing to participate    
 *Fund of knowledge: ___ refusing to participate  
 Calculations:  ___ refusing to participate 
 Abstraction: ___ refusing to participate 
 Visuospatial: ___ refusing to participate 
 *Speech: low volume, normal rate and tone  
 *Language: fluent in ___ 
 
Mental Status:
 *Appearance: young appearing female, in no acute distress,  
 Behavior: ___ was noted to be very suspicious and anxious,
wanting to grab her phone, poor eye contact, no psychomotor
agitation 
 *Mood and Affect:" " affect flat, limited range 
 *Thought process / *associations: linear, unable to engage in
conversation  
 *Thought Content: endorsing SI to outpatient providers, notable
paranoid and persecutory ideation, unclear if ___ responding
to internal stimuli 
 *Judgment and Insight: poor/poor  

PHYSICAL EXAM ON DISCHARGE: 

*VS:  BP:96/64-->100/68 on repeat HR:75  temp:97.8F  resp:16  O2 
sat:98-100%

Neurological:
    *station and gait: steady gait
    *tone and strength: moves all extremities freely
    cranial nerves: grossly intact
    abnormal movements: none appreciated
    frontal release: not tested

MSE:   
   *Appearance: age-appearing young woman, with good hygiene,
wearing a blouse and cardigan, jeans, and brown flats, 
dark-rimmed glasses, hair in a ponytail, carrying a marble 
notebook
    Behavior: calm and cooperative, pleasant, engaged in 
interview, no psychomotor agitation or retardation, improved eye 
contact, increased spontaneous smile 
   *Mood and Affect: mildly constricted affect, stable
   *Speech: regular rate, volume, tone
   *Thought process: linear, goal-directed
   *Thought Content: no evidence of SI/HI, internal 
preoccupation or paranoia
   *Judgment and Insight: fair/improved

Cognition:
    *Attention, *orientation, and executive function: alert and 
oriented
    *Memory: intact to recent/past events
    *Fund of knowledge: above average
    *Language: fluent in ___