ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAM: 
========================== 
 VS: 98.1 PO 108 / 63 62 18 94 RA  
 GENERAL: NAD  
 HEENT: AT/NC, EOMI, PERRL, anicteric sclera, pink conjunctiva, 
MMM  
 NECK: supple, no LAD, no JVD  
 HEART: RRR, S1/S2, no murmurs, gallops, or rubs  
 LUNGS: CTAB, no wheezes, rales, rhonchi, breathing comfortably 
without use of accessory muscles  
 ABDOMEN: nondistended, nontender in all quadrants, no 
rebound/guarding, no hepatosplenomegaly  
 EXTREMITIES: no cyanosis, clubbing, or edema.  
 MSK: FROM of both hips without tenderness.  
 PULSES: 2+ DP pulses bilaterally  
 NEURO: A&Ox3, moving all 4 extremities with purpose  
 SKIN: left upper thigh with an erythematous confluent 
maculopapular rash extending up the left buttock half way up 
from the gluteal fold to midway down the posterior thigh, 
extending medially to the gluteal cleft, and across the lateral 
thigh to the left groin. The erythema is blanching. There is an 
area of induration over the left hip but it is nontender with no 
fluctuant areas. On the right medial thigh there a few sparse 
pink papules. There is an erythematous maculopapular rash on the 
flexor surface of both arms extending from the wrist to just 
above the antecubital fossa, worse on the right than the left. 
The palms are spared. There are scattered cherry red papules on 
the chest but no rash. 

Discharge Exam:
Vitals:  97.6PO 99 / 61R Lying 53 18 96 Ra  
GENERAL: NAD  
 HEENT: AT/NC, EOMI, PERRL, anicteric sclera, pink conjunctiva, 
MMM  
 NECK: supple, no LAD, no JVD  
 HEART: RRR, S1/S2, no murmurs, gallops, or rubs  
 LUNGS: CTAB, no wheezes, rales, rhonchi, breathing comfortably 
without use of accessory muscles  
 ABDOMEN: nondistended, nontender in all quadrants, no 
rebound/guarding, no hepatosplenomegaly  
 EXTREMITIES: no cyanosis, clubbing, or edema.  
 MSK: FROM of both hips without tenderness.  
 PULSES: 2+ DP pulses bilaterally  
 NEURO: A&Ox3, moving all 4 extremities with purpose  
 SKIN:LLE rash with slight improvement in erythema. Small 
maculopapular rash on medial aspect of RLE. Bilateral forearms 
with maculopapular rash stable from prior.