ADMISSION PHYSICAL ADMISSION:
General: young male appears stated age in NAD. Well-nourished, 
well-developed. Appears stated age.
 HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. PERRL, EOMI. Oropharynx 
clear.
 Neck: Supple.
 Back: No significant deformity.
 Lungs: CTA ___. No crackles, wheezes, or rhonchi.
 CV: RRR, no murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 Abdomen: +BS, soft, nontender, nondistended. 
 Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
 Skin: No rashes, abrasions, scars, or lesions. 

Neurological:
 Cranial Nerves:
 I: Not tested.
 II: PERRL.
 III, IV, VI: EOMI intact ___ without nystagmus.
 V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact and symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally. (patient 
reports
hearing in L ear < R ear, has been evaluated by ___ MD)
 IX, X: Not assessed
 XI: trapezius normal bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations.
 Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements,
no tremor. Strength: full power ___ throughout. Coordination:
Normal on finger to nose test. Sensation: Intact to light touch
throughout. 
 Gait: Steady. Normal stance and posture. No truncal ataxia.
 Romberg: Not tested

Cognition: 
  Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert
  Attention: intact to interview
  Orientation: oriented to person, time, place, situation
  Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): unable to 
perform MOYB, asked to do serial 7's (count back from 100 by 7): 
93, 85, 78, 71, 64, 54 
  Memory: Not tested
  Fund of knowledge: consistent with education
  Calculations: $2.25- 5...11...10
  Abstraction: train/bicycle= transportation
  Speech: normal rate, volume, and tone, improvement in latency 
from yesterday's interview
  Language: non-native ___ speaker, remains unclear if 
difficulty with interview is secondary to language barrier 
(would encourage getting a phone interpreter to assess)

Mental Status:
 Appearance: No apparent distress, appears stated age, well 
groomed, appropriately dressed, large classes
 Behavior: Calm, cooperative, engaged, at times intense eye 
contact, occasionally distracted, at times inappropriately 
laughing 
 Mood and Affect: "fine" euthymic, full range, incongruent with 
reported neurovegetative symptoms
 Thought Process: largely linear though at times difficult to 
follow (occasionally will not appropriately answer question), 
perseverative about difficulty planning and his desire to 
leaving inpatient unit; goal-oriented and future-oriented 
Thought
Content: SI "Not really...nothing in mind" HI (no) /AH/VH, no
evidence of delusions or paranoia (feels scdared ___, sometimes
when someone accidentally touches him, everything in body is) 
 Judgment and Insight: limited/poor

DISCHARGE EXAM

Objective:
  Neurological: 
    *station and gait: normal station and gait with normal arm 
swing
    *tone and strength: moves all extremities freely 
anti-gravity
    cranial nerves: grossly intact
    abnormal movements: none observed
  *Appearance: Young bearded man, wearing glasses with large 
frames, dressed in casual clothing
  Behavior: cooperative with interview, reasonable eye contact, 
calm
  *Mood and Affect: "fine" / euthymic and largely congruent, 
occasionally inappropriately smiles
  *Thought process: primarily linear and goal-directed, 
occasioanlly circumstantial, no FOI or LOA
  *Thought Content : denies current SI, no delusions elicited
  *Judgment and Insight: fair/fair
  Cognition:
    *Attention, *orientation, and executive function: attends to 
interview, somewhat distractible
    *Memory: intact to recent events    
*Fund of knowledge: not tested, grossly average
    *Speech: occasionally mumbles or has trouble finding words, 
otherwise normal rate, rhythm, volume and variation in tone
    *Language: Accented ___ with occasionally odd word 
choice or verb conjugation errors