ON ADMISSION:
 Vital Signs: 97.3 146/67 (R) 155/60 (L) 77 20 96RA  
 General: Alert, oriented, in mild distress  
 HEENT: Sclera anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, EOMI, PERRL, 
neck supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD  
 CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 + S2, ___ systolic 
crescendo-decrescendo murmur loudest at RUSB radiating to 
carodits  
 Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, 
rhonchi  
 Abdomen: Soft, non-tender, non-distended, bowel sounds present, 
no organomegaly, no rebound or guarding  
 GU: No foley  
 Ext: Warm, well perfused, 2+ pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or 
edema  
 Neuro: CNII-XII intact, ___ strength upper/lower extremities, 
grossly normal sensation, gait deferred.  
 Skin: Scattered erythematous maculopapular rash over R 
trapezius muscle and R shoulder. Several areas crusted over. No 
vesicules, pustules, or underlying erythema/warmth  
 Musculoskeletal: Did not perform Spurling test due to patient 
discomfort. No pain, erythema/warmth upon palpation of shoulder 
joint. No pain with passive/active motion of shoulder.  

ON DISCHARGE:
 Vital Signs: 98.1 139/59 55 18 95% RA 
 General: Asleep in bed; on awakening, alert, awake, interactive
 CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 + S2, ___ systolic 
crescendo-decrescendo murmur loudest at RUSB radiating to 
carodids  
 Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, 
rhonchi  
 Abdomen: Soft, non-tender, non-distended, bowel sounds present, 
no organomegaly, no rebound or guarding  
 GU: No foley  
 Ext: Warm, well perfused, 2+ pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis or 
edema  
 Neuro: CNII-XII intact, 4+/5 RUE strength in shoulder 
abduction, elbow flexion, and finger squeeze 
 Skin: Scattered erythematous maculopapular hyperpigmented rash 
over R trapezius muscle and R shoulder in C6-7 dermatome. 
Several areas crusted over. No vesicules, pustules, or 
underlying erythema/warmth. No pain elicited on touch to rash 
except for one ~3-4cm square area with 0.5cm crusting medial to 
upper R scapula. Pain constant in this area, occasionally shoot 
further distal on RUE
 MSK: negative Spurling test