==============
ADMISSION EXAM
==============

Vitals: T: 97.8 HR: 67 BP: 135/78 RR: 18 SaO2: 99% RA  
 General: NAD  
 HEENT: mild L facial swelling with less well defined cheek
border on L, neck supple  
 ___: RRR  
 Pulmonary: No nasal flaring, retractions or increased work of
breathing  
 Abdomen: Soft, nondistended  
 Extremities: Warm, no edema  
 Neurologic Examination:  
 Awake, alert, oriented x 2(person, year, not month or 
location).
Attentive, able to name ___ backward without difficulty. Speech
is fluent with full sentences, intact repetition, and intact
verbal comprehension. Naming intact. No paraphasias. No
dysarthria. Normal prosody.  Unable to recall current president
candidates, with cue ___ was able to recall Trump. 
Recalls previous presidents accurately through ___,
recalls daughters, name, age, DOB and information about bosses 
at
work, but NOT current ligitation cases.   Intact registration of
___ objects, at 45 minutes, remembers 2 of 3 with phonemic cues. 

Does not recall events from today.  No apraxia. No evidence of
hemineglect. No left-right confusion. Able to follow both 
midline
and appendicular commands.  
 
 - Cranial Nerves - PERRL 3->2 brisk. EOMI, no nystagmus. V1-V3
without deficits to light touch bilaterally. No facial movement
asymmetry. Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally. Palate
elevation symmetric. SCM/Trapezius strength ___ bilaterally.
Tongue midline.  
 - Motor - Normal bulk and tone. No drift. No tremor or
asterixis.  
  [Delt] [Bic] [Tri] [ECR] [IP] [Quad] [Ham] [TA] [Gas]  
  [C5]   [C5]  [C7]  [C6]  [L2]  [L3]  [L5]  [L4] [S1]  
 L 5      5     5     5     5     5     5     5    5  
 R 5      5     5     5     5     5     5     5    5  
 - Sensory - No deficits to light touch or proprioception
bilaterally. No extinction to DSS.  
 -DTRs:  
  [Bic] [Tri] [___] [Quad]  
 L 2+    2+    2+      2+  
 R 2+    2+    2+      2+  
 Plantar response flexor bilaterally.  
 - Coordination - No dysmetria with finger to nose testing
bilaterally. Good speed and intact cadence with rapid 
alternating
movements.  
 - Gait - Normal initiation. Narrow base. Normal stride length
and arm swing. Stable without sway. Negative Romberg.  

==============
DISCHARGE EXAM
==============
Essentially unchanged except now normal mental status with 
intact recall of current events and recent personal history.