VS: BP= 127/73, HR= 70, T= 97.9, RR= 16, SaO2= 99% on RA
 * General: NAD. Well-nourished, well-developed. Appears stated 
age.
 * HEENT: Normocephalic. PERRL, EOMI. Oropharynx clear.
 * Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally. No crackles or 
wheezes.
 * CV: Regular rate and rhythm. No murmurs/rubs/gallops. 2+ 
pedal pulses.
 * Abdomen: Soft, nontender, nondistended.
 * Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
 * Skin: Bilateral forearm lacerations from scissors (as 
reported by pt); no stitches. Warm and dry. 

 Neurological:
   *Cranial Nerves:
        I: Not tested.
        II: Pupils equally round and reactive to light 
bilaterally. Visual fields are full to confrontation.
       III, IV, VI: Extraocular movements intact bilaterally 
without nystagmus.
       V, VII: Facial strength and sensation intact 
andsymmetric.
       VIII: Hearing intact to voice.
       IX, X: Palatal elevation symmetrical.
       XI: Sternocleidomastoid and trapezius normal bilaterally.
       XII: Tongue midline without fasciculations.
   *Motor- Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal 
movements, no tremor. Strength full power ___ throughout. No 
gross focal motor or sensory deficits, normal gait.
   *Coordination: Normal on finger-nose-finger and heel-to-shin.
   *Sensation: Intact to light touch. 
   *Gait: Steady. No truncal ataxia. Normal stance and posture.

 NEUROPSYCHIATRIC EXAMINATION:
 * Appearance: NAD. Appears stated age. Wearing scrub pants, 
gown, and hoodie. Bilateral forearm lacerations (cuts from 
scissors). 
 * Behavior: Appropriate with good eye contact, and she is 
cooperative with interview.
 * Orientation: Oriented to self, location, and date.
 * Mood: "Scared about being here," "Better," "Not desperate."
 * Affect: Dysphoric, anxious, and congruent to stated mood, 
full range, tearful at times. 
 * Thought Process: Logical and goal directed. No loosening of 
associations. No apparent disorganization.
 * Thought Content: Focused on wanting to go back to school and 
be with friends. ___ current suicidal thoughts, plans, and 
actions. Denies HI. Free of any evidence of psychosis.
 * Judgment: Poor.
 * Insight: Poor.
 * Speech: Spontaneous. Normal conversational volume, tone, 
rate,and prosody.

 COGNITION:
 * Memory: Registration ___. Recall ___. Remote memory intact.
 * Abstraction: Apple/orange = fruits.
 * Proverb: When asked what it means to say, "The grass is 
always greener on the other side," patient responds, "From your 
perspective, things that other people have will always look 
better to you."
 * Calculation: $1.75 = 7 quarters.
 * Fund of knowledge: Names ___ presidents.
 * Attention span: Correctly listed MOYB without error.
 * Language: Fluent ___ speaker. No apparent paraphasic 
errors.