ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAMINATION

 Vitals: Temperature: 98.1°, heart rate: 110, blood pressure:
196/116, respiratory rate: 30, SPO2: 96% on room air
 General: NAD, lying in bed and frequently cracking jokes.
 HEENT: NCAT, no oropharyngeal lesions, dentures in place, moist
mucous membranes, sclerae anicteric
 Neck: Supple
 ___: Warm and well perfused, pulse is irregularly irregular
 Pulmonary: Breathing comfortably on room air
 Abdomen: nondistended
 Extremities: Left ankle and foot with nonpitting edema,
reportedly at baseline.  Otherwise extremities are warm,
well-perfused, and nonedematous.
 Skin: No rashes or lesions

Neurologic Examination:
 - Mental Status - Awake, alert, oriented to person, "hospital 
in
___ and month/year. Attention to examiner easily 
maintained.
Recalls a coherent history. Speech is fluent with full 
sentences,
intact repetition, and intact verbal comprehension. Content of
speech demonstrates intact naming and no paraphasias. Normal
prosody. No evidence of hemineglect. No left-right agnosia.

- Cranial Nerves - PERRL 3->2 brisk. VF full to finger wiggling.
EOMI without nystagmus. V1-V3 without deficits to light touch
bilaterally. No facial movement asymmetry.  Unable to hear 
finger
rubbing or snapping in the left, but intact in the right. No
dysarthria. Palate elevation symmetric. Trapezius strength ___
bilaterally. Tongue midline.

- Motor - Normal bulk and tone. No drift, or vomiting, or
difficulty with repetitive finger tapping laterally.  No tremor
or asterixis.
   Delt   Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO    IP    Quad Ham TA ___
 L 4+*    ___   ___ 4+*   4+*    5  5     5     5
 R  5      ___   ___  5       5        5  5     5     
5
*: Pain limited, due to arthritis

- Sensory - No deficits to light touch throughout.  Mild, length
dependent, symmetric reduction to vibration in the distal lower
extremities.

-DTRs:
   Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  2  2    2    2   trace
 R  2  2    2    2   trace
 Plantar response flexor bilaterally.

- Coordination -mild intention tremor on the left with
finger-nose-finger, but no dysmetria.  Finger-nose-finger on the
right is smooth.  Heel-knee-shin is smooth without dysmetria
bilaterally.  Rapid alternating movements intact bilaterally. 

- Gait -deferred

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION

 Vitals: Temperature: 97.7°, heart rate: 88, blood pressure: 
143/102, respiratory rate: 18, SPO2: 97% on room air
 General: Alert, cooperative, in NAD.
 HEENT: NCAT, moist mucous membranes, sclerae anicteric
 ___: Warm and well perfused
 Pulmonary: Breathing comfortably on room air
 Skin: No rashes or lesions

Neurologic Examination:
 - Mental Status: Awake, alert, cooperative. Speech is fluent 
with intact comprehension. Able to follow midline and 
appendicular commands.

- Cranial Nerves: EOMI without nystagmus. No facial movement 
asymmetry. No dysarthria. 

- Motor: No pronator drift. Mild postural tremor bilaterally 
with outstretched hands.
   Delt Bic Tri IP 
 L  4    ___  
 R  4    ___  

- Sensory: No deficits to light touch throughout.

- DTRs: ___.

- Coordination: Deferred.