ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAMINATION
 Vitals: T: 98.9 HR 87 BP 118/79 RR 16 SaO2 100% RA 
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx
 Neck: Supple, No nuchal rigidity
 Pulmonary: Breathing comfortably on room air
 Cardiac:  good peripheral perfusion
 Abdomen: soft, NT/ND.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.

Neurologic:
-Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty.  Able to discuss current events including
___'s death.  Attentive, able to name ___ 
backward
rapidly without difficulty. Language is fluent with intact
repetition and comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no
paraphasic errors. Pt was able to name both high and low
frequency objects.  Able to read without difficulty. Speech was
not dysarthric. Able to follow both midline and appendicular
commands. There was no evidence of apraxia or neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without
nystagmus. Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation. Visual acuity
___ bilaterally. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

-Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift
bilaterally.
 No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. No asterixis
noted.
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA ___
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, cold sensation,
vibratory sense, proprioception throughout. Cortical sensory
testing intact in bilateral upper extremities. No extinction to
DSS.

-DTRs:
   ___ Tri ___ Pat Ach
 L  2  2    2    2   1
 R  2  2    2    2   1
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.

-Coordination: No intention tremor, no dysdiadochokinesia noted.
No dysmetria on FNF or HKS bilaterally.

-Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing.  Can heel walk, toe walk, walk in tandem without
difficulty. Romberg absent.

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM
98.9 PO 128 / 85 92   98 
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.
 HEENT: NC/AT
 Neck: Supple
 Pulmonary: normal WOB on RA
 Cardiac: well perfused
 Abdomen: NT/ND
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.

Neurologic:

-Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history 
without difficulty. Attentive, Language is fluent with intact 
repetition and comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no 
paraphasic errors. Speech was not dysarthric. Able to follow 
both midline and appendicular commands. There was no evidence of 
apraxia or neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI without 
nystagmus. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline.

-Motor: Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift 
bilaterally.
 No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. 
   Delt Bic Tri WrE FFl FE IO IP Quad Ham TA ___
 L  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5
 R  5    ___   ___  5   5    5  5     5     5   5

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch, No extinction to DSS.

-Coordination: No dysmetria on FNF bilaterally.

-Gait: Good initiation.  Able to walk in tandem without 
difficulty.