ADMISSION EXAM:
Vitals: T: ___ P: 91 R: 18 BP: 219/92 SaO2: 99% on room air.  
 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.  
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx  
 Neck: Supple. No nuchal rigidity  
 Pulmonary: Normal work of breathing  
 Cardiac: warm, well-perfused  
 Abdomen: soft, non-distended  
 Extremities: No ___ edema.  
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.  
 
 Neurologic:  
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Unable to say ___ backwards. Language is
fluent with intact repetition and comprehension. Normal prosody.
There were no paraphasic errors. Pt was able to name both high
and low frequency objects, except for feather. Able to read
without difficulty. Speech was not dysarthric. Able to follow
both midline and appendicular commands. Pt was NOT able to
register 3 objects and recall ___ at 5 minutes. There was no
evidence of apraxia or neglect.  
 -Cranial Nerves:  
 II, III, IV, VI: PERRL 2 to 1mm and sluggish, with evidence of
cataract bilaterally. EOMI with end-gaze nystagmus bilaterally.
Normal saccades. VFF to confrontation.  
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.  
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.  
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.  
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.  
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.  
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions.  
 -Motor: Left arm testing restricted ___ shoulder pain.  
 Normal bulk, tone throughout. No pronator drift bilaterally.  
 No adventitious movements, such as tremor, noted. No asterixis
noted.  
 Delt Bic Tri WrE FE IP Quad Ham TA ___  
 L ___ 5 5  
 R ___ 5 5  
 -Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, cold sensation,
vibratory sense, proprioception throughout. No extinction to 
DSS.

 -DTRs:  
 Bi Tri ___ Pat Ach  
 L ___ 2 1  
 R ___ 2 1  
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.  
 -Coordination: No intention tremor. Normal finger-tap
bilaterally. No dysmetria on FNF or HKS bilaterally, with some
shakiness, though, with left arm ___ pain.  
 -Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing.  

====================
DISCHARGE EXAM:

 General: Awake, cooperative, NAD.  
 HEENT: NC/AT, no scleral icterus noted, MMM, no lesions noted 
in
oropharynx  
 Neck: Supple. No nuchal rigidity  
 Pulmonary: Normal work of breathing  
 Cardiac: warm, well-perfused  
 Abdomen: soft, non-distended  
 Extremities: No ___ edema.  
 Skin: no rashes or lesions noted.  
 
 Neurologic:  
 -Mental Status: Alert, attentive. Language is
fluent in ___.

 -Cranial Nerves:  
 II, III, IV, VI: PERRL, with cataract bilaterally. EOMI.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.  
 VIII: Hearing intact to speech
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.  
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions.  
 -Motor: L delt restricted due to pain. Otherwise ___ in all
muscle groups. 
 -Reflex: +snout. No palmomental reflex. Toes downgoing 
bilaterally
 -Coordination: No dysmetria
 -Gait: defer