VITAL SIGNS:
T 98.0
BP 108 / 71 
HR 79 
RR 18 
O2 97   

EXAM:
General:
 -HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. Moist mucous membranes, 
oropharynx clear. No scleral icterus, 
 -Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1,S2, no 
murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 -Pulmonary: No increased work of breathing.  Lungs clear to 
auscultation bilaterally.  No wheezes/rhonchi/rales.
 -Abdominal: Non-distended, bowel sounds normoactive. No 
tenderness to palpation in all quadrants. No guarding, no 
rebound tenderness.
 -Extremities: Warm and well-perfused. No edema of the limbs.
 -Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.

Neurological:
 -Cranial Nerves:
 ---I: Olfaction not tested.
 ---II: pupils 5mm, equal, round
 ---III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus
 ---V: Masseter ___ bilaterally
 ---VII: nasolabial folds symmetric bilaterally
 ---VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally, L. < R. 
 ---IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
 ---XI:  trapezii ___ symmetric bilaterally
 ---XII: Tongue protrudes midline
 -Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. Strength ___ in 
deltoids, biceps, triceps, quadriceps, hamstrings,
 -Sensory: deferred
 -DTRs: 2+ patellar, biceps, 
 Coordination: Normal on finger to nose test, no intention 
tremor noted
 -Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm 
swing.  

Absence of resting tremor, absence of action tremor
Absence of rigidity or spasticity

Cognition: 
 -Wakefulness/alertness: Awake and alert
 -Attention: WORLD backwards w/ 1 error, ORANGE backwards with 2 
errors
 -Orientation: ___ ___, 
 -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): 
     absence of ideomotor apraxia: able to brush teeth, comb 
hair
     Luria 3 step intact 
 -Memory: Violet after 10 minutes ___. 
 -Fund of knowledge: Consistent with education; intact to last 4 
presidents
 -Calculations: 7 quarters = "$1.75"
 -Abstraction: Grass is greener on the other side = things will 
get better. Tongue is enemy of neck = "watch your p's and q's"
 -Visuospatial: L thumb to R. ear; does opposite at first then 
corrects 
 -Language: Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors, 
appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 -Appearance/Behavior: appearing older than stated age, stubble, 
poor dentition, malodorous, in hospital gown, no psychomotor 
agitation, no tremor, fair eye contact 
 -Attitude: Cooperative, engaged, friendly
 -Mood: "okay"
 -Affect: Mood-congruent, full range, appropriate to situation
 -Speech: Normal rate, volume, and tone
 -Thought process: Linear, coherent, goal-oriented, no loose
associations
 -Thought Content:
 ---Safety: Denies SI/HI
 ---Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, etc. 
 ---Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current
encounter
 ---Hallucinations: +AH, not appearing to be attending to
internal stimuli
 -Insight: fair
 -Judgment: fair