VITAL SIGNS:
Temp: 98.4 PO BP: 134/80 HR: 74 RR: 18 O2 sat: 97% 
(___)

EXAM: 
 - HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. Moist mucous membranes,
somewhat whitish-appearing middle to posterior tongue, but
overall oropharynx clear.
 - Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1,S2, no
murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 - Pulmonary: No increased work of breathing. Mild bilateral
wheeze. No rhonchi/rales.
 - Abdominal: Somewhat hyperactive bowel sounds. Abdomen soft,
nontender, nondistended. No guarding, no rebound tenderness.
 - Extremities: Warm and well-perfused. Intact peripheral 
pulses.
No edema of the limbs.
 - Skin: No bruising, rashes or lesions noted

Neurological:
 -Cranial Nerves:
 ---I: Olfaction not tested.
 ---II: pupils equal, round, reactive to light
 ---III, IV, VI: extraocular movements intact
 ---V: Masseter activates bilaterally
 ---VII: nasolabial folds & smile symmetric bilaterally
 ---VIII: Hearing bilaterally intact and equal to soft finger 
rub
 ---IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
 ---XI: Shrugs against resistance ___ (trapezii ___ symmetric
bilaterally)
 ---XII: Tongue protrudes midline
 -Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. Strength ___ in
deltoids, biceps, triceps. 
 -Sensory: deferred
 -DTRs: 2+ patellar. 
 Coordination: Normal on finger to nose test, no intention 
tremor
noted. 
 -Gait: narrow-based steady gait with normal initiation, arm
swing 

Absence of resting tremor,
Absence of rigidity or spasticity

Cognition: 
 - Wakefulness/alertness: Awake and alert
 - Attention: MOYB
 - Orientation: Well-oriented to persons, situation, location 
and
date: ___ / ___ (it was the ___. 
 - Executive function: Not assessed.
 - Memory: Registers ___. Recalls ___, with or without hint. 
 - Fund of knowledge: Intact to ___ / ___ / ___
 - Calculations: 9 quarters = "$2.25"
 - Abstraction: Orange + pear are fruit. 
 - Language: Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors,
appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 -Appearance/Behavior: Age-appearing man, moderately
well-groomed, with some facial stubble, sitting up, alert, in a
hospital gown. 
 -Attitude: Cooperative and open to interview; appreciative of
care
 -Mood: "a little anxious," "no sleep"
 -Affect: Serious, appreciative, and worried, with affect that 
is
somewhat constricted, and not fully reactive. No laughing or
spontaneous smiling noted during interview. 
 -Speech: Normal rate, volume, and tone.
 -Thought process: Logical, coherent, and goal-directed. No
loosening of associations. Able to engage in reality testing
regarding his unusual thought content. 
 -Thought Content: Denies current suicidal ideation, intent, or
plan. No evidence of active delusions at the time of interview,
but does report some unusual, hyper-religious recent experience
(intense dissociation after priest placed hands on pt; sexual
guilt; interpreting a voice as demonic, which was either his own
internal voice vs. hallucination or illusion). Thought content
also notable for egodystonic ambivalence and anxiety about
attachment to fianc√©e.
 -Perceptual disturbances: No evidence that patient is 
responding
to internal stimuli. Reports no frank auditory or visual
hallucinations. Does report illusions: e.g. poured out Nyquil 
and
declared, "looks like blood!," and perhaps interpreted his own
internal voice as demonic (vs. frank auditory hallucination). 
 -Insight: Fair.
 -Judgment: Poor.