ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAM:
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: 
**  hard of hearing 

 Vitals: Reviewed and notable for BP 195/82 
 General: Awake, cooperative, 
 HEENT: MMM .
 Neck: Supple, 
 Cardiac: irregular rate , warm, well-perfused.
 Abdomen: Soft, non-distended.
 Extremities: No ___ edema.
 Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.
  
 Neurologic:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact repetition and
comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no paraphasic errors.
Able to name both high and low frequency objects.  Able to read
without difficulty. No dysarthria. Able to follow both midline
and appendicular commands. . There was no evidence of apraxia or
neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI, + right
beating nystagmus on sustained left gaze. Pt appears to refocus
when testing upgaze, so difficult to fully assess for vertical
nystagmus. No skew. Head impulse test w/o corrective saccade. Pt
did not become more symptomatic w/ ___, nystagmus
unchanged w/ this maneuver. Difficulty when testing saccades but
no obvious overshoot and overall appear intact.  VFF to
confrontation. Visual acuity ___ bilaterally. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions. Strength
full with tongue-in-cheek testing.

-Motor: Normal bulk and tone throughout. No pronator drift. No
adventitious movements, such as tremor or asterixis noted.
   [___]
  L   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5
  R   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch, pinprick, temperature, 
vibration, or proprioception throughout. No extinction to DSS.
Romberg absent. 

-Reflexes:
   [Bic] [Tri] [___] [Pat] [Ach]
 L   2     3      3      2     0
 R   2     3      3      2     0 
 Plantar response was flexor bilaterally.

-Coordination: No intention tremor. Normal finger-tap
bilaterally. No dysmetria on FNF or HKS bilaterally.

-Gait: Good initiation. Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing.  Able to walk in tandem without difficulty. 

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM:
 -Mental Status: Alert, oriented x 3. Able to relate history
without difficulty. Attentive, able to name ___ backward without
difficulty. Language is fluent with intact repetition and
comprehension. Normal prosody. There were no paraphasic errors.
Able to name both high and low frequency objects.  Able to read
without difficulty. No dysarthria. Able to follow both midline
and appendicular commands. . There was no evidence of apraxia or
neglect.

-Cranial Nerves:
 II, III, IV, VI:  PERRL 3 to 2mm and brisk. EOMI, she has left 
beating nystagmus on left gaze that extinguishes after ___ 
beats. No vertical nystagmus. No skew. VFF to confrontation. 
 V: Facial sensation intact to light touch.
 VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric.
 VIII: Hearing intact to finger-rub bilaterally.
 IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically.
 XI: ___ strength in trapezii bilaterally.
 XII: Tongue protrudes in midline with good excursions. Strength
full with tongue-in-cheek testing.

-Motor: Normal bulk and tone throughout. No pronator drift. No
adventitious movements, such as tremor or asterixis noted.
   [___]
  L   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5
  R   5    5    5    5    5    5   5    5    5   5    5    5

-Sensory: No deficits to light touch throughout, no extinction 
to DSS. 

-Coordination: No intention tremor. Normal finger-tap
bilaterally. No dysmetria on FNF bilaterally.

-Gait: walking with walker, has a stooped posture and takes 
shuffling steps. Gait at baseline per family members at bedside.