VITAL SIGNS:
 T98.2, BP 138/99, HR60, RR16, SpO2 98% RA

EXAM:

General:
 -HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic.  Moist mucous membranes,
oropharynx clear.  No scleral icterus.
 -Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, S1/S2 heard, no
murmurs/rubs/gallops. Distal pulses ___ throughout.
 -Pulmonary: No increased work of breathing.  Lungs clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  No wheezes/rhonchi/rales.
 -Abdominal: Non-distended, bowel sounds normoactive.  No
tenderness to palpation in all quadrants.  No guarding, no
rebound tenderness.
 -Extremities: Warm and well-perfused.  No edema of the limbs.
 -Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.

Neurological:
 -Cranial Nerves:
 ---I: Olfaction not tested.
 ---II: PERRL 3 to 2mm, both directly and consentually; brisk
bilaterally.
 ---III, IV, VI: EOMI without nystagmus
 ---V: Facial sensation intact to light touch in all
distributions
 ---VII: No facial droop, facial musculature symmetric and ___
strength in upper and lower distributions, bilaterally
 ---VIII: Hearing intact to finger rub bilaterally
 ---IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically
 ---XI: ___ strength in trapezii and SCM bilaterally
 ---XII: Tongue protrudes in midline
 -Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal 
movements,
 no tremor. Strength ___ throughout.
 -Sensory: No deficits to fine touch throughout
 -DTRs: 2 and symmetrical throughout
 Coordination: grossly intact
 -Gait: Good initiation.  Narrow-based, normal stride and arm
swing. 

Cognition: 
 -Wakefulness/alertness: Awake and alert
 -Attention: MOYb with 0 errors
 -Orientation: Oriented to person, time, place, situation
 -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): Not tested
 -Memory: ___ registration, ___ recall after 5 ___
grossly intact
 -Fund of knowledge: Consistent with education; intact to last 3
presidents
 -Calculations: 7 quarters = "$1.75"
 -Abstraction: Interprets "the grass is always greener on the
other side" as "it's not always better on the other side."
 -Visuospatial: Not assessed
 -Language: Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors,
appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 -Appearance: ___ appearing stated age, well groomed, wearing 
bracelets and nose ring, wearing hospital gown, in no apparent
distress
 -Behavior: Sitting up in chair, appropriate eye contact, no
psychomotor agitation or retardation
 -Attitude: Cooperative, engaged, friendly
 -Mood: "not depressed."
 -Affect: Euthymic, mood-congruent, full range, appropriate to
situation
 -Speech: Normal rate, volume, and tone
 -Thought process: Linear, coherent, goal-oriented, no loose
associations
 -Thought Content:
 ---Safety: Denies SI/HI
 ---Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, etc. 
 ---Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current
encounter
 ---Hallucinations: Denies AVH, not appearing to be attending to
internal stimuli
 -Insight: Limited
 -Judgment: Poor