___
Father had a heart attack followed by a stroke at ___, otherwise 
no neurologic illnesses in the family. No known DVT/PE or 
recurrent miscarriages. No autoimmune conditions.
 
Physical Exam:
EXAM ON ADMISSION
=================
Vitals: 97 70 135/88 16 100% RA 
Gen: NAD NT ND
HEENT: No ptosis
Neck: No bruit
Card: RRR no m/r/g
Pulm: CTAB 
Abd: Soft NT ND
Extrem: Thin
Neurologic
 - Mental status: Clear and cogent history. A&Ox3. Names in ___
culturally appropriate manner (e.g. trouble w cactus, hammock).
Repeats, comprehends normally. Good fluency and prosody. Days of
the week in reverse done quickly and accurately. Cookie thief
normal. No dysarthria.
 - Cranial nerves: 3->2 ___ without APD. VFFTC. Slight left 
hyper.
Only abnormality in versions in a slight adduction deficit OS
(when covered, the outer image resolves). Up-gaze is full but
there is up-beat nystagmus in up-gaze and down-beat nystagmus in
down-gaze. Fixation preference with the right eye, when covered
the left eye comes down and in slightly. Reproduced reliably 
with
alternate cover. Convergence is normal. Deferred VOR. Pursuit is
relatively smooth. Face symmetric to pin and direction of
movement. Corneals intact. Face symmetric with full eye closure.
Audition is equal. Palate elevation is symmetric. Gag is
symmetric. Shrug/head turn full. Tongue midline with normal fast
movements. 
 - Motor: Normal bulk and tone without weakness, drift, ___,
or Babinski.
 - Sensory: Intact to touch without extinguishing to double, pin
prick, proprioception in all extremities. Some sway but does not
fall with Romberg. Graphesthesia in the hands in normal. 
 - Reflexes: Brisk throughout with pecs and crossed adductors. 
 - Cerebellar: No dysmetria in any limb, no truncal ataxia. 
 - Gait: Slightly unsteady but can tandem relatively well.