EXAM: General: -HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. Moist mucous 
membranes, oropharynx clear. No scleral icterus, 
-Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1,S2, no 
murmurs/rubs/gallops. -Pulmonary: No increased work of 
breathing. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally. No 
wheezes/rhonchi/rales. -Abdominal: Non-distended, bowel sounds 
normoactive. -Extremities: Warm and well-perfused. No edema of 
the limbs. -Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.

Neurological: -Cranial Nerves: ---I: Olfaction not tested. 
---II: pupils 3mm, equal, round ---III, IV, VI: EOMI without 
nystagmus ---V: Masseter ___ bilaterally ---VII: nasolabial 
folds symmetric bilaterally ---VIII: Hearing intact to finger 
rub bilaterally ---IX, X: Palate elevates symmetrically ---XI: 
trapezii ___ symmetric bilaterally ---XII: Tongue protrudes 
midline -Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. Strength ___ 
in deltoids, biceps, triceps, quadriceps, hamstrings, -Sensory: 
deferred -DTRs: deferred, ___: Normal on finger to nose 
test, no intention tremor noted -Gait: Good initiation. 
Narrow-based, normal stride and arm swing. 

Absence of resting tremor, absence of action tremor

Cognition: -Wakefulness/alertness: Awake and alert -Attention: 
ORANGE backwards w/ 0 errors -Orientation: ___, ___, -Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): 
absence of ideomotor apraxia: able to brush teeth, comb hair 
Luria 3 step intact -Memory: intact Violet, Church, Honesty 
after 5 minutes -Fund of knowledge: Consistent with education; 5 
___ plays -Calculations: 7 quarters = "$1.75" 
-Abstraction: tongue is the enemy of the neck = "say something 
stupid and you might get your head cut off." -Visuospatial: L 
thumb to R. ear -Language: Native ___ speaker, no paraphasic 
errors, appropriate to conversation

Mental Status: -Appearance/Behavior: female appearing stated age 
in hospital gown, no psychomotor agitation or retardation, good 
eye contact -Attitude: Cooperative, engaged, friendly -Mood: 
"flat" -Affect: Mood-congruent, constricted, reactive, 
appropriate to situation, tearful at times, easily overwhelmed 
-Speech: Normal rate, volume, and tone -Thought process: Linear, 
coherent, goal-oriented, no loose associations -Thought Content: 
---Safety: +passive SI ---Delusions: No evidence of paranoia, 
etc. ---Obsessions/Compulsions: No evidence based on current 
encounter ---Hallucinations: Denies AVH, not appearing to be 
attending to internal stimuli -Insight: fair -Judgment: fair