ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAM:
EXAM: 
 *VS: T 97.6, P ___, BP 132/82, RR 18, O2 Sat 99% RA.  

Neurological:  
 *station and gait: normal station and gait
 *tone and strength: normal tone, strength ___ throughout
 cranial nerves: CN II-XII intact
 abnormal movements: Mild left hand fine tremor on intention, no
dyskinesias, no psychomotor agitation or retardation.  
 frontal release: None

Cognition: 
 Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert
 *Attention (digit span, MOYB): MOYB x12 
 *Orientation: x3, oriented to person, place, and time
 *Memory: ___ registration, ___ recall   
 *Fund of knowledge: knows the president, ___ wrote:
___
 Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): Not formally
assessed.
 Calculations: "7" in $1.75
 Abstraction: apples/oranges: "fruit", "don't judge a book by
it's cover" means "there is more to it"
 Visuospatial: Not formally tested.
 *Speech: very slow, mildly slurred speech, with frequent 
pauses,
regular tone and prosody
 *Language: fluent ___ without paraphasic errors
  
 Mental Status:
 *Appearance:  This is a Caucasian woman with blue-dyed hair who
appears stated age, hygiene and grooming are limited, wearing
hospital gown, initially found sleeping in bed.
 Behavior: initially when awoke patient, quickly startled in bed
then was calm, very guarded, giving very vague answers to
questions, not wishing to divulge specific answers about 
suicidal
thoughts initially, some statements sound provocative in nature,
such as statements about future use of guns or knives, 
frequently
avoiding eye contact.  
 *Mood and Affect: "neutral"/ mildly dysphoric, supple, not
labile, appropriate
 *Thought process / *associations: linear, though at times vague
in responses, no LOA
 *Thought Content: She states sometimes has "slight auditory
hallucinations", "sometimes I hear screaming when waking up in
the morning", denies VH, denies paranoia, not giving clear 
answer
when asked about delusions, states sometimes having suicidal
thoughts, not giving clear response about intent, states
sometimes thinks about cutting, less clear if suicidal intent
with cutting, later made statement about highly possible that
would use gun to kill self in future though unclear about 
whether
she thinks this is a serious plan or not, denies HI
 *Judgment and Insight: poor/limited

DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM:
VITAL SIGNS: T 97.6 HR 86 BP 109/80 RR 17 O2S 100%

NEURO:
  Station and Gait: Normal station and gait.
  Tone and Strength: Supple tone, able to move all four
extremities against gravity.
  Cranial Nerves: Grossly normal.
  Abnormal Movements: No dystonia, tremor, or tardive 
dyskinesia.
  Frontal Release: NT

MSE:
  Appearance: Bright blue jaw-length hair on top with black hair
on the sides, worn intentionally disheveled; clean, black hoodie
and scrub pants, spiked bar piercing on right eyebrow, stud
piercing through philthrum, nose ring, and multiple ear 
piercings
bilaterally.
  Behavior: Cooperative with interview, appropriate eye contact
  Mood and Affect: "Good" / Congruent, anxious, somewhat labile
  Speech: Normal rate, rushed rhythm, prosody, and volume.
  Thought process: Logical, Linear, Goal-Directed, no LOA
  Thought Content: No SI/HI, No A/V/O H
  Judgment and Insight: Fair/Fair

COGNITION:
  Attention: Attentive to interview.
  Orientation: Oriented to day, date, situation
  Executive function: Demonstrates appropriate ability to plan.
  Memory: Intact to distant and recent events.
  Fund of knowledge: Appropriate for level of education.
  Calculations: NT
  Abstraction: NT
  Visuospatial: NT
  Language: Fluent in ___ without neologisms or paraphasic
errors.