Physical Examination:
VS 98.8, 125/84, 99, 16, 94%RA

Cognition:
 Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert
 *Attention (digit span, MOYB): correctly lists MOYB
 *Orientation: oriented to person, time, place, situation
*Memory: ___ registry, ___ recall after 5 minutes
 *Fund of knowledge: able to name 4 most recent US Presidents in
descending order
 Calculations: $1.75 = "7 quarters" 
 Abstraction: apple/orange = "fruit"
*Speech: normal rate, tone, volume, and prosody
 *Language: Native ___ speaker, fluent with no paraphasic
errors, appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 *Appearance: Well appearing who is somewhat tired, in no
apparent distress, appears stated age, good hygiene,
appropriately dressed in hospital gown
 Behavior: Smiling, intermittently laughing, friendly, pleasant,
appropriate eye contact, orients to interviewer, no abnormal
posturing, no psychomotor agitation or retardation
 *Mood / Affect: "Good" / euthymic, full range but nearing
expansive, intermittently laughing, normal intensity, 
appropriate
to situation, incongruent with mood as she seems disconnected to
traumatic events when discussing them. When bringing this to her
attention she becomes tearful and affectively appropriate for
topic being discussed.
 *Thought process / *associations: Linear, coherent,
goal-oriented, associations intact
 *Thought Content:  Reports intermittent passive SI. Reports
recent fleeting thought of killing herself on ___. Denies HI.
Denies VH. Reports AH that make negative, disparaging remarks,
although she later thought that these may be her thoughts only.
Does not appear to be responding to internal stimuli on 
interview
 *Judgment: Limited
 *Insight: Limited