___
Paternal grandfather had MI at age ___
 Paternal uncle had MI at age ___
 
Physical Exam:
ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAM
========================
Vital Signs:  T=98.7F, HR=83x' BP=123/87mmHg, RR=14x', SpO2=99% 
RA
 General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress  
 HEENT: Sclerae anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, EOMI, PERRL, 
neck supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD  
 CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 + S2, no murmurs, rubs, 
gallops  
 Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, 
rhonchi.  
 Abdomen: Soft, with no peritoneal signs, tenderness to 
palpation is present in epigastrium, non-distended, bowel sounds 
present, no organomegaly, no rebound or guarding  
 GU: No foley  
 Ext: Warm, well perfused, 2+ pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis, or 
edema. Bilateral palmar erythema. Mild resting tremor of distal 
upper extremities.   
 Neuro: CNII-XII intact, ___ strength upper/lower extremities, 
grossly normal sensation, 2+ reflexes bilaterally, gait 
deferred.  
DISCHARGE PHYSICAL EXAM
========================
Vitals: T=98.9 BP=112/76 HR=79  RR=16 O2=95 on RA  
 Weight:  55.4
 Weight on admission: 55.4  
 General: Alert, oriented, no acute distress  
 HEENT: Sclerae anicteric, MMM, oropharynx clear, EOMI, PERRL, 
neck supple, JVP not elevated, no LAD  
 CV: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 + S2, no murmurs, rubs, 
gallops  
 Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, 
rhonchi.  
 Abdomen: Soft, with no peritoneal signs, non-tender, 
non-distended, bowel sounds present, no organomegaly, no rebound 
or guarding  
 GU: No foley  
 Ext: Warm, well perfused, 2+ pulses, no clubbing, cyanosis, or 
edema. Bilateral palmar erythema. Mild resting tremor of distal 
upper extremities.   
 Neuro: CNII-XII intact, ___ strength upper/lower extremities, 
grossly normal sensation, 2+ reflexes bilaterally, gait normal.