On Admission:

VS: T 97.7 HR 82 BP 104/57 RR 15 O2 sat 100% RA 

General: young thin Asian female in NAD. Well-nourished,
well-developed. Appears stated age.
 HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic. PERRL, EOMI. Oropharynx 
clear.
 Neck: Supple.
 Back: No significant deformity.
 Lungs: CTA ___. No crackles, wheezes, or rhonchi.
 CV: RRR, no murmurs/rubs/gallops. 
 Abdomen: +BS, soft, nontender, nondistended. No palpable masses
or organomegaly.
 Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
 Skin: No rashes, abrasions, scars, or lesions. 

Neurological:
 Cranial Nerves:
 -Pupils symmetry and responsiveness to light and accommodation:
PERRLA
 -Visual fields: full to confrontation
 -EOM: full
 -Facial sensation to light touch in all 3 divisions: equal
 -Vacial symmetry on eye closure and smile: symmetric
 -Hearing bilaterally to rubbing fingers: normal
 -Phonation: normal
 -Shoulder shrug: intact
 -Tongue: midline

Motor: Normal bulk and tone bilaterally. No abnormal movements,
no tremor. Strength: full power ___ throughout. Coordination:
Normal on finger to nose test. DTRs: 2+ and symmetrical
throughout. Sensation: Intact to light touch throughout. 
 Gait: Steady. Normal stance and posture. No truncal ataxia.
 Romberg: Negative.

Cognition: 
 Wakefulness/alertness: awake and alert
 Attention: intact to interview
 Orientation: oriented to person, time, place, situation
 Executive function (go-no go, Luria, trails, FAS): not tested
 Memory: intact to recent and past history
 Fund of knowledge: consistent with education
 Calculations: not assessed
 Abstraction: not assessed
 Visuospatial: not assessed
 Speech: normal rate, low volume, and soft tone
 Language: native ___ speaker, no paraphasic errors,
appropriate to conversation

Mental Status:
 *Appearance:  well appearing young Asian female, appropriately
groomed, no apparent distress
 Behavior: calm and cooperative, no psychomotor agitation or
retardation. 
 *Mood and Affect: "depressed" with congruent and constricted
affect
 *Thought process / *associations:  linear, goal directed, no
looseness of associations
 *Thought Content: denies current SI but endorses history of
chronic passive SI, denies HI/AH/VH, not observed to be
internally preoccupied  
 *Judgment and Insight: fair/limited 

On Discharge:
 *VS:  BP: 108/73; HR: 68; temp: 98.3; resp: 16; O2 sat: 95%  
  Neurological:
    *station and gait: Steady; normal stance & posture, no
truncal ataxia
    *tone and strength: Moves upper and lower extremities
antigravity and with full ROM
    cranial nerves: CN II-XII intact and symmetric
    abnormal movements: None observed
  *Appearance: well appearing young Asian female, appropriately
groomed, no apparent distress
  Behavior: appears superficially cooperative, disengages and
stares off at times during the encounter 
  *Mood and Affect: "better"; affect somewhat dysphoric,
constricted range
  *Thought process: Linear without LOA
  *Thought Content: Denies current SI but concern given report 
of
chronic passive SI; Denies HI; Denies AH/VH; Does not appear to
be responding to internal stimuli
  *Judgment and Insight: Impaired/impaired
  Cognition:
  *Attention, *orientation, and executive function: Alert and
oriented x 3
  *Memory: In tact to interview and recent events
  *Fund of knowledge: Appropriate for level of education
  *Speech: Normal rate, low volume, soft tone
  *Language: Fluent ___ speaker without paraphasic errors